The prestigious school that turned
out many heroes, U.A. High School.
Enrolled in their hero course,
I continue to run toward my dream,
standing up to any difficulties
and saving people with a smile...
...in order to become the greatest hero!
Of course we watched it!
A Quirk that makes things bigger, huh?
That's not all!
"Shoto Todoroki - Quirk: Half-Cold, Half-Hot"
Even if I couldn't melt all of it...
It didn't affect it at all?!
That's because they're not
made of ordinary metal.
They're made of tungsten, which can
take super high temperatures!
Didn't I tell you, Todoroki?
Even if you're a U.A.
student, acting alone...
...shows you're overconfident.
Then--
Do it!
Right!
Keep after him!
Got it!
Water for the flames and
physical attacks for the ice...
They've worked out
a counterattack for everything.
It's useless!
Where'd he go?
The Heroes Public Safety Commission must've
made a factory like this for the test on purpose.
Telling us to fight using the idiosyncrasies
of the buildings and terrain.
There he is! Surround him!
In that case, there must be...
...the real thing, in the tank.
He got us!
That bastard... He's crazy...
It looks like the commission kept
the force of the explosion down.
B-Bastard...!
Sorry.
I can't afford to fail.
"Class 1-A"
Simultaneous activation of left and right...
I need to practice more.
It slows me down.
Those who have passed should
go to the waiting room.
Hurry.
The targets send information about
who passes and who fails!
They recognize the balls and the
wearers and can tell who hit whom
based on distance, movement,
and various other factors!
Also, once mounted, they can only
be removed with a special magnetic key!
It's super high-tech!
Miss Sai, I have confirmed that four
U.A. students have entered the building.
Can you show me the video?
Yes, ma'am.
Arm duplication, the sound wave user, frog...
...and a Quirk that makes things.
Our prey has been decided.
Will you gather everyone?
Yes, Miss Sai.
The formula for my success...
...is already complete.
There are a lot of people here.
Seriously?!
"Inasa Yoarashi - Quirk: Whirlwind"
I love Stampman, too!
He's a super passionate hero!
Why's he talking to me out of the blue?
If he applied through recommendations,
then I should've seen him at the entrance exam.
But I think--
Wait, what were we talking about?
How should I know?
You're the one who started talking to me.
Currently, 56 people have passed.
Don't panic, but please hurry and do your best.
Shoji, how's it look?
It's no use. I don't see
anyone from our class.
Maybe they're in a different area.
Most likely.
Yaoyorozu, you heard the broadcast, right?
The number who've passed
is already past the halfway mark.
We should probably give up
on finding everyone else
and start fighting ourselves,
don't you think?
"Momo Yaoyorozu - Quirk: Creation"
Yes, you're right...
Shh!
"Kyoka Jiro - Quirk: Earphone Jack"
I hear footsteps from
four people on the stairs,
about ten floors below.
They're coming up!
Are they after us?
It bothers me that there
are only four coming.
All the schools should be moving
in bigger teams than that.
"Tsuyu Asui - Quirk: Frog"
"Mezo Shoji - Quirk: Dupli-Arms"
Maybe their companions were defeated,
and they're running away to hide here.
No, that's not what it sounds like.
They're still climbing up.
There must be more of them.
A distraction?
Or...
Jiro!
There's music!
I'm fine, but hearing this suddenly
would've been hard on Jiro.
So they know Kyoka's Quirk and are
interfering with it on purpose.
They must be after us, then.
This is bad.
Now we can't tell where our opponents are...
Phase one, complete.
Next, begin phase two.
What's that?!
Hide!
Attacks from outside?
This is...
Are they trying to keep me
from using my eyes, too?
The first thing they did was
seal off Jiro and Shoji's Quirks,
which are good for finding the enemy.
Whoever we're up against knows
exactly what our Quirks are...
Yaoyorozu, what is our opponent after?
They're probably trying
to keep us rooted here.
And then they'll surround us, huh?
Yes, we should probably assume
that they're already close by.
Then we need to fight!
We can't move carelessly!
Heartbeat Dist--!
Phase two, complete.
Jiro!
Are you hurt?
They got my amp! And my left ear...
They predicted her actions?
They were able to predict our actions
so accurately after only seeing that one attack...
And this careful plan...
There must be someone extremely
intelligent among our opponents.
Does it feel a little colder to you?
Now that you mention it, yes...
There's cold air coming from the vents!
Begin phase three.
They've shut us in?!
The temperature's also decreasing steadily.
I-It's too cold!
R... Ribbit, ribbit...
Asui, what's wrong?
Could it be that since the
temperature dropped all at once,
she's started getting ready for hibernation?
Ribbit...
Fire! Make a lighter.
I can't. The sprinklers will turn on,
making her body even colder.
Then what about an electric heater?
Our opponents have control
over the air conditioner.
They probably turned off
the electricity, as well.
Here's a blanket for now!
All right.
What now?!
They're welding the door shut!
So they're trying to keep us from escaping?
The door over there's the only one left.
Should we force our way through?
Our opponents are definitely
waiting for us there.
It's dangerous.
They keep being one step ahead of us.
What should we do?
If we holed up here, we'd have to do
something about the temperature,
or else we'd also be done in by the cold.
Yao-momo, what if you made a bomb and
blew up the door to the emergency exit?
That might cause a phreatic explosion.
They probably knew we'd think of it.
That's why they sealed off the observation
room and lowered the temperature.
No way...
Think, Momo.
Think of a way to get out of this situation.
With one ear injured, Jiro can't use
her sound attacks to the fullest.
In that case, should we
break the wall to escape...?
No, our opponents probably already have
something prepared for such a simple move.
For now, we need to do something
about the air conditioning.
Can I make clay to seal off the vents?
From what I can see,
there are eight vents...
I would end up using a lot of my Quirk,
but right now, that's all I can do...!
Miss Sai, phase three is complete.
Then, let us wait for a while.
Yes, ma'am.
The current problem facing U.A. High
is the air conditioning in the observation room.
In order to solve that, they must use
the Quirk of that student called Yaoyorozu.
Her Quirk uses the lipids
from inside her body.
In other words, there is a limit
to how much she can make.
We'll make her use up her Quirk
and render all four of their Quirks useless.
That is my plan...
...my formula for success.
"Saiko Intelli - Quirk: IQ"
Seiai Academy, second year, Saiko Intelli!
Quirk: IQ!
After she drinks tea, when she
closes her eyes, her IQ multiplies.
Her IQ is already 150 to start with,
so she becomes a super genius!
By the way, there's a difference in effect
based on the brand of tea she drinks!
Now, use your Quirk.
That will be the end of you all.
That will be...
What's wrong, Yao-momo?
Why did you stop your Creation?
No matter how many times I think
about it, I get the same answer.
Our opponents are trying
to get me to use up my Quirk.
They're trying to make you
use up your Quirk?
Yes.
In their plan, the most uncertain
factor is my Creation.
At first, I thought their manipulation
of the air conditioning was for Asui's Quirk.
But their true goal was
to make me use my Quirk.
I see.
They were planning to march in calmly
after making your Quirk useless, huh?
Yes. That's why I cannot
use my Quirk right now.
I must save it for when
the need truly arises.
But if we stay holed up here, then we'll
fail the provisional licensing exam!
We should force our way through!
I'm sure our opponents have predicted
that that's what we will do.
Then what are you suggesting?
At times like this, what would
Todoroki do? Or Iida? Or Midoriya..?
I don't know myself, either,
but after hearing that I could
still reach, I couldn't just sit still...
I can't help thinking
that I want to save him.
That's right.
I have to save them...
Shoji, Jiro, and Asui...
Forget about the provisional exam.
Just focus on saving them for now. Just that!
In order to do that...
In order to do that, I need...
Everyone, please bear with the
current conditions for a few minutes.
--Yao-momo!
--Please!
What, headphones?
Please put them on.
It's the first time I'm making this device,
but its structure is not that complicated.
I'll save just enough lipids to move
and make it as big... as big as possible...
This is...
It's been ten minutes since they
holed up in the observation room.
It is probably about time.
Ready yourselves to storm in.
Yes, ma'am!
Now, I wonder what the situation is inside?
I'm looking forward to it.
Wh-What...?!
Th-This is...
...a high-frequency sound attack?
Even with headphones on,
I can feel it throughout my body...
R... Ribbit...
Are you all right, Asui?
E-Everyone, please bear with it
for seven more seconds...
Six... five... four... three... two... one...
All right! It worked!
Put your balls in the targets.
Got it.
Can you move?
R-Ribbit...
I'm fine...
I'm glad.
Wait--!
You used your Quirk for attacking
rather than defending...
I can't believe someone from the elite U.A.
would choose a method with such high risk.
But because of that, you can't move now.
Even if I can only get you,
I'll have you fail.
You can't give up!
Show the results of the intensive training
at the training camp, Momo!
You're struggling in vain!
Ribbit!
Wha--?!
E-Everyone!
Why did you come back...?
Didn't you think she failed already?
Right now, we're in the
middle of the licensing exam.
You should be thinking
of yourselves, not your friends.
That might be true for you,
but we're different.
We won't leave our friend behind.
And we don't give up.
If I have to choose one or the other...
...I want to save both of them!
That's right. Like Midoriya...
That's how we, Class 1-A, are!
As expected of U.A....
You've defeated me completely.
Kaminari, why'd you follow us?
'Cause you guys started running!
I was lonely, so I ended up following you!
Shut up!
What's with that tone of voice?
I told you to stop that, Bakugo.
It looks like there are
a bunch of people up there,
so the three of us should work together--
No way!
I told you to stop saying that...
Look out!
Kirishima!
Damn it, let go...!
Wh-What the heck is that?!
What happened?!
Basically, that bastard did it, right?
"Seiji Shishikura"
"Katsuki Bakugo - Quirk: Explosion"
I'll kill you.
More people have passed.
We are now at 60 people.
It'll be over once another 40 have passed.
People are passing in groups.
This is bad. What should we do?
Yeah... I could tell after we were attacked,
"Hanta Sero - Quirk: Tape"
"Izuku Midoriya - Quirk: One For All"
but at least we can probably do something
about the group that's near by.
Huh? That's amazing! What do you mean?
There was someone who was trying
to get a head start on the others.
I'll take her out!
Hey, wait!
He was probably panicking.
Since if a large group
is going after a small number,
they would end up fighting over the prey.
"Ochaco Uraraka - Quirk: Zero Gravity"
Oh, so if they keep leaving, then
their numbers will slowly dwindle,
and they'll be at a disadvantage.
Then why were you saying we should
all stay together, Midoriya?
In the first place, we were told
to hit targets with balls,
so it's easy to think of
this as target practice,
but without knowing what
our opponents' Quirks are,
it's not easy or efficient to go after
moving targets that are being protected.
That's why I wanted to first restrain
enough people for everyone to pass
and then use the balls only after
they couldn't move anymore.
Class A has a lot of people
who excel at zone control,
so I thought we could do it, but...
I see...
It's true that if we were
just doing target practice,
they'd only be able to tell whether or not
we were good at hitting targets,
so this might be what they're
really trying to test.
Shh! Wait a sec!
Don't they sound like they're getting closer?
What should we do?
I'll go out.
What?
I'll be the decoy, so you two should find openings
to restrain as many enemies as you can.
Your Quirks are better for
keeping people restrained.
Decoy...
We've got three people, so we'd need...
There's no way...
Roger.
What?
Let's do it, Sero!
Fine!
I trust him. Deku's pulled through
enough times that I know I can.
All right, let's go!
We Shiketsu students are obliged
to wear our uniform hats when working.
Why?
That is because each and
every one of our movements
"Denki Kaminari - Quirk: Electrification"
is crowned with the traditions of
the name of Shiketsu High School.
This is a demonstration of power.
We have placed great importance on obligation
and dignity since the start of our education,
creating a great difference in level
between us and you vulgar and ordinary folk
aspiring to become heroes
the way you are.
I hate your type.
What'd he say?
I can't process what he's saying!
He said that his eyes are too small, so he can't
see the true strength of his opponents.
My eyes are handsome and long in length!
Hey, it looks like that's
a sore spot for him!
Stop saying stuff like that!
U.A. High School. I respect the school.
I take pride that we are counted as equals.
However, you lot continuously act in ways
that cause its dignity to decline.
He's gonna do that thing again!
That gross thing!
Shut up!
"Obligation"?
"Dignity"?
You just won't stop talking...
Show us with your actions,
not your mouth, sir.
Especially you, Bakugo!
Draw our opponents in as much as possible
and make them gather in one place--
Want some gum?
It's the kind that traps your finger, right?
No thanks.
"Pro Hero - Shota Aizawa - Quirk: Erasure"
"Pro Hero - Ms. Joke - Quirk: Outburst"
It's frustrating not being able to see
who failed and who passed, though.
Our Shindo made it even harder to see
by splitting open the ground, too.
Hm? What? What? Are you worried?
There's something I realized after
watching Class A for a while.
They might not have realized it,
but in Class A,
there are two people whose
presence has a big effect.
They're not leaders, or the most popular,
and the two of them don't get along at all.
But...
...before I knew it, their passion
spread to the rest of the class.
It's strange, but one of them is always
at the center of any major event.
Joke, I'm not worried.
I can't wait to see what they'll do.
Even if they're not
physically with everyone,
their presence raises the
standard for the whole class.
You've fallen for them hard, huh?
Gross.
That is my class...
...Class 1-A!
"Preview"
Here's the preview!
The first test of the provisional
licensing exam is in its second half!
Everyone taking the test
is fighting desperately.
I can't lose!
Next time, "RUSH!"
"Next time"
Go beyond!
Plus Ultra!